dxf doc change on 8.1 (#17409)
pingcap/docs: tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md

## Usage

> 1. To enable the DXF, set the value of [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710) to `ON` (this variable is enabled by default starting from v8.1.0, so you can skip this step if your cluster is newly created):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable the DXF, set the value of [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710) to `ON`. Starting from v8.1.0, this variable is enabled by default. For newly created clusters of v8.1.0 or later versions, you can skip this step:
```

    * [`tidb_ddl_error_count_limit`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_error_count_limit)
    * [`tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ddl_reorg_batch_size): use the default value. The recommended maximum value is `1024`.

## Task scheduling

> By default, the DXF schedules all TiDB nodes to execute distributed tasks. Starting from v7.4.0, for TiDB Self-Hosted, you can control which TiDB nodes can be scheduled by the DXF to execute distributed tasks by configuring [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the DXF schedules all TiDB nodes to execute distributed tasks. Starting from v7.4.0, for TiDB Self-Hosted clusters, you can control which TiDB nodes can be scheduled by the DXF to execute distributed tasks by configuring [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740).
```

- For versions from v7.4.0 to v8.0.0, the optional values of [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) are `''` or `background`. If the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules tasks to these nodes for execution. If the current cluster does not have TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, whether due to faults or normal scaling in, the DXF schedules tasks to nodes with `tidb_service_scope = ''` for execution.

> - Starting from v8.1.0, you can set [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) to any legal value. When a distributed task is submitted, the task binds to the `tidb_service_scope` value of the currently connected TiDB node, and the DXF only schedules the task to the TiDB nodes with the same `tidb_service_scope` value for execution. However, for configuration compatibility with earlier versions, if a distributed task is submitted on a node with `tidb_service_scope = ''` and the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules the task to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'` for execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v8.1.0, you can set [`tidb_service_scope`](/system-variables.md#tidb_service_scope-new-in-v740) to any valid value. When a distributed task is submitted, the task binds to the `tidb_service_scope` value of the currently connected TiDB node, and the DXF only schedules the task to the TiDB nodes with the same `tidb_service_scope` value for execution. However, for configuration compatibility with earlier versions, if a distributed task is submitted on a node with `tidb_service_scope = ''` and the current cluster has TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'`, the DXF schedules the task to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = 'background'` for execution.
```

If new nodes are added during task execution, the DXF determines whether to schedule tasks to the new nodes for execution based on the preceding rules. If you do not want newly added nodes to execute tasks, it is recommended to set `tidb_service_scope` for these nodes in advance.

> **Note:**
>

> > - For versions from v7.4.0 to v8.0.0, in clusters with multiple TiDB nodes, it is strongly recommended to set `tidb_service_scope` to `background` on two or more TiDB nodes. If this variable is set only on a single TiDB node, when that node restarts or fails, tasks will be rescheduled to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = ''`, which affects applications running on of these TiDB nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
> - For versions from v7.4.0 to v8.0.0, in clusters with multiple TiDB nodes, it is strongly recommended to set `tidb_service_scope` to `background` on two or more TiDB nodes. If this variable is set only on a single TiDB node, when that node restarts or fails, tasks will be rescheduled to TiDB nodes with `tidb_service_scope = ''`, which affects applications running on these TiDB nodes.
```

> > - During the execution of a distributed task, changes to the `tidb_service_scope` configuration will not take effect for the current task, but will take effect from the next task.

Author: ```suggestion
> - During the execution of a distributed task, changes to the `tidb_service_scope` configuration do not take effect for the current task, but take effect from the next task.
```
